README.md, before:

# Utility Module Overview

The Utility Module allows you to do math function such as generating a random integer, string function such as transform
a string to uppercase and lowercase, get the length of a string, generate a random UUID, check a string against a
regular expression.

| Package   | Functions                                                                                                                                                         |
|-----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date      | Get current date                                                                                                                                                  |
| Math      | Generate random integer                                                                                                                                           |
| String    | Transform string to lowercase<br/>Transform string to uppercase<br/> Get length of a string<br/>Check a string with regular expression<br/>Generate a random UUID |
| Signature | Generate HMAC signature for the payload<br/>Verify the payload using a signature                                                                                  |

To see the available Utility Module, navigate to
the [connector store](https://store.wso2.com/store/assets/esbconnector/list) and search for "Utility".

## Compatibility

| Connector version                                                    | Supported product versions |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|------------- |
| [1.0.0](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/mediation-utility-module) |  APIM 4.0.0, EI 7.1.0, EI 7.0.x, EI 6.6.0, EI 6.5.0, EI 6.4.0 |

For older versions, see the details in the connector store.

## How to contribute

As an open source project, WSO2 extensions welcome contributions from the community.

To contribute to the code for this connector, please create a pull request in the following repository.

* [Utility Module GitHub repository](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/mediation-utility-module)

Check the issue tracker for open issues that interest you. We look forward to receiving your contributions.

Commit message:

readme- how to build added

README.md, after:

# Utility Module Overview

The Utility Module allows you to do math function such as generating a random integer, string function such as transform
a string to uppercase and lowercase, get the length of a string, generate a random UUID, check a string against a
regular expression.

| Package   | Functions                                                                                                                                                         |
|-----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date      | Get current date                                                                                                                                                  |
| Math      | Generate random integer                                                                                                                                           |
| String    | Transform string to lowercase<br/>Transform string to uppercase<br/> Get length of a string<br/>Check a string with regular expression<br/>Generate a random UUID |
| Signature | Generate HMAC signature for the payload<br/>Verify the payload using a signature                                                                                  |

To see the available Utility Module, navigate to
the [connector store](https://store.wso2.com/store/assets/esbconnector/list) and search for "Utility".

## Compatibility

| Connector version                                                    | Supported product versions |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|------------- |
| [1.0.0](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/mediation-utility-module) |  APIM 4.0.0, EI 7.1.0, EI 7.0.x, EI 6.6.0, EI 6.5.0, EI 6.4.0 |

For older versions, see the details in the connector store.

## Building from the source

Follow the steps given below to build the Utility module from the source code.

1. Get a clone or download the source from [Github](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/mediation-utility-module).
2. Run the following Maven command from the `mediation-utility-module` directory: `mvn clean install`.
3. The ZIP file of the connector is created in the `mediation-utility-module/target` directory.

## How to contribute

As an open source project, WSO2 extensions welcome contributions from the community.

To contribute to the code for this connector, please create a pull request in the following repository.

* [Utility Module GitHub repository](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/mediation-utility-module)

Check the issue tracker for open issues that interest you. We look forward to receiving your contributions.
